
# challengecode

challengecode

MedicSource Android Application

MedicSource Android Application is a platform for users to source for nearby medical centers and qualified and experienced medical and other health professionals who are volunteering to care for and provide their services to treat people in need. This app gives users a direct hotline to connect to these volunteers whenever they require medical attention but are not able to obtain them by usual means. The services given by these volunteers may include minor first aid and treatments at the comfort of the users’ homes, giving medical advice through calls such as diagnoses, recommendation of proper treatment, and/or prescriptions. Medical centers around the users are shown to make them become aware of the choices where medical services are available. This allows healthcare services to be brought to more areas where medical attention is high in demand but low in supply. 

Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the application up and running on your local machine.

Prerequisites

-	Android Studio 3.0.1
-	Spring Framework 2.0.0.RELEASE
-	JDK 1.8 or later
-	A Java IDE with Spring Boot Initializr (preferably IntelliJ IDEA)
-	Real-time android device
-	Google Maps API key
-	Facebook API Hash Key

Running the App

1.	Import the android project into Android Studio.
2.	Import the backend application into Intellij IDEA’s Spring Intializr project where the type metadata of the project is Maven project.
3.	Connect a real-time android device to the PC.
4.	Go to command prompt and obtain the IPv4 address of the PC that will run the backend application by using the command “ipconfig”. In Utils.class from Android Studio, it will have a global variable. 
5.	Change the Google API key when the quota is fully used. It can be generated by using the link located in googlemapapi.xml in android studio. 
6.	Facebook key will need to visit this link to generate the facebook API key and SSL hash. https://developers.facebook.com/docs/android/getting-started 
7.	Run the backend application first, once the server is started, run the android project into the android device.

Comments
This app is still a prototype and it still have some bugs happening in the app.
